[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> All right, what if I told you
that inside your body there is
a secret weapon that can help
you to age like Benjamin Button.
Would you believe me?
Look.
Think about it.
It makes sense, right?
Your body is regenerating
and repairing itself
every single day.
The body is nothing if it's
not an incredible machine that
can restore and
regenerate on the fly.
I mean, yeah, we
overwhelm the system.
And over time, and
with the years,
those systems can start to fail.
But have you ever
thought about how,
right now, as you're sitting
there, you're healing,
you're regenerating?
Everything is moving
in your system.
Today, I'm going to talk to you
about a body of research that
is four decades old
that not only confirms
that that system exists,
but that it can possibly
be reengaged and reignited
so that we can live longer,
healthier lives.
And maybe we can even get
younger as we get older.
About 40 years ago,
Russian military brass
approached a young doctor by
the name of Vladimir Khavinson,
a young corporal medical
doctor in the army,
and gave him a mission.
And his mission was, we
want you to develop a system
to heal and regenerate our
soldiers who are coming back
from space and coming back from
nuclear submarine missions,
depleted and aging
before their time.
Can you even imagine
that conversation?
Oh, my God.
OK, so the good news is, they
gave him unlimited resources.
He had all the budget he needed.
He had labs.
He had animals.
They even said to him, we have
factories filled with workers.
And when it's time, you can
even test your technology
on the workers.
And so off he went.
And maybe he was
looking for technology.
But what he found were
these tiny little proteins
that seem to be present
in every life form
that he studied, from bacteria
to animals to plants, even
humans.
And these tiny little proteins,
just two to four amino acids
long, he named
bioregulator peptides.
What bioregulator peptides
can do is get into the cell,
get into the nucleus of
the cell, bind to DNA,
and upregulate the
production of proteins
that help to regenerate
and restore function
to tissues, glands, and organs.
Wow.
This was quite a discovery.
So there are 21
bioregulator peptides
that are commercially
available today.
We call them the
Khavinson bioregulator
peptides, of course,
after Dr. Khavinson,
who is now Professor Khavinson
and the head of the Saint
Petersburg Institute
of Gerontology and--
what else-- bioregulation.
So these 21 bioregulator
peptides, every one of them
lines up with a tissue,
gland, or organ in our body.
They originally are sourced
from tissues, glands,
and organs of animals.
They can be accessed
as oral capsules, which
are nutritional supplements.
Or that bioregulator
peptide itself
can be isolated and
resynthesized in a lab,
and then it can be
reintroduced into the body
as a sublingual drop,
sublingual spray,
or a subcutaneous injection.
Lots of subs.
Sorry about that.
[LAUGHS] Anyway, back to
our bioregulator peptides.
I wanted to share
with you about two
of my favorite bioregulators.
Unfortunately, I can't
go through all 21.
And it's a little bit like
picking your favorite child,
but I'm not that good at that.
Anyway, my desert island
bioregulator peptide
is the one that maybe
you've heard of.
It's called epitalon.
It's the pineal gland regulator.
And the pineal gland, that tiny
little gland in your brain,
is capable of magical things.
It can activate
telomerase, which
is the enzyme that helps
to restore and lengthen
the telomeres on the
ends of your DNA.
It can help to restore
normal and youthful melatonin
levels in older adults.
And older, in this case, is
anybody over the age of 45
when our melatonin
levels start to dive.
The pineal gland also is
the master hormone endocrine
regulator of the body.
So it can help to bring
harmony back to the hormones.
It also helps to reset
circadian rhythm.
And finally, this
bioregulator peptide
can have amazing benefits
for the immune system,
to the point where some
of Khavinson's research
even shows that it has
anticancer and antitumor
benefits.
My next choice is the
thymus gland bioregulator.
Thymus gland lives in
the center of your chest.
It is the seat of your immunity.
And unfortunately,
our thymus gland
starts to involute
very early in the game.
And if there's one
thing that's going
to take us out of
this world, it's
a dysfunctional immune system.
So anything we can do to
restore function and vitality
to our immune system
through our thymus gland
is going to put
us in good shape.
So now, let's talk a little
bit about the research.
Because you're all
looking at me going,
yeah, that's all great theory.
But where are the goods?
So there are hundreds of
published studies on PubMed.
The bad news is, a lot
of them are in Russian.
The good news is, a bunch of
them have been translated.
So two really key studies
that Khavinson really--
that make an impact on people
are the old people study,
and the elderly people study.
I didn't name them.
The old people study, 60 to
74-year-olds, 12-year study.
One group was given poly
vitamins for two years,
and the other group was given
pineal gland bioregulator
injections for two years.
At the end of six years,
13.5% of the control group
had passed away.
Only 8% of the test
subjects had passed away.
But after 12 years, we had 44%
of the control group was gone,
only 22% of the pineal
gland group was gone.
That's a 50% reduction.
That's pretty impressive.
So he decided to up the ante.
He now went into
elderly populations.
So now we're looking at
75 to 89-year-old people.
He had three groups this time.
And now, you're going
to understand why I also
picked those two peptides.
The first group is
our control group.
They got their poly
vitamin injections.
Nobody knew what
they were getting.
The second group got
pineal gland injections.
The third group got pineal
gland and thymus gland.
At the end of the six years, 80%
of the control group were gone.
45% of the pineal
gland group were gone.
Only 33% of the people who
had pineal gland and thymus
gland by bioregulator
had passed away.
So we're on to something.
All right, so we can
keep old people alive.
That's amazing.
What about the rest of us?
So the good news is, there's a
ton of research talking about--
from everywhere from athletes
to people with illness.
What's amazing about
bioregulator peptides
is not only can they
help to optimize,
but they also work really
well with medication.
They play beautifully
with medication.
In the studies where they will
bring together bioregulators
with medication, very
often, the people
will actually have faster
results, better results,
and they will last longer.
And it makes sense.
Because if the medication is
helping with the symptoms,
and the bioregulator is helping
to regenerate, and renew,
and restore, then
we can hope that,
basically, we're going to
be able to move forward
in a better way.
All right, so in
my time remaining,
what am I going
to share with you?
So today, the
budgets aren't there.
He no longer has the
labs and the lab animals,
and everything paid for.
So he's partnered with
an American researcher
by the name of Bill Lawrence.
And they're doing a
four-year clinical trial
looking to see if
regulator peptides can
help to reverse biological age.
The two metrics
that they're using
are telomere length
and DNA methylation.
And after four
years, I can tell you
that on the telomere
length studies,
the results are amazing.
20 to 30 years age reversal
in most of the subjects.
Some people don't see much.
And what do you want to
guess is the reason why?
The biggest impact
is chronic stress.
Now, on the DNA
methylation side,
that data is not published
yet, but the initial data
showed that after just two
years of bioregulator peptides,
on average, people who
were taking the regulators
were five years younger
than their biological age
versus people who weren't,
who were about two years older
than their biological age.
Now these people,
including yours truly,
are pounding the bioregulators.
We're using the oral
bioregulators month after month
after month after month.
So I see raised eyebrows.
Sounds pretty
magical, doesn't it?
So here's the bad news.
Not a silver bullet.
We have to remember
about the basics.
Bring bioregulators
into a house that's
on fire with
inflammation, they're
probably going to burn out.
Introduced by regulators
into a terrain that's
depleted and toxic, they
may send the signals,
but not much is going to happen.
We have to remember to
take care of the basics.
And to make sure that
we remember these
are an incredible tool, but they
are just a piece of the puzzle.
Having said that,
how incredible is
it that one of the keys
to longevity and vitality
is coming to us straight out
of mother nature's playbook?
Thank you so much
for your attention.
[APPLAUSE]
[CHEERING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]